Hey, Buddy!
How was school?
That’s my Dad, Grayson,
and my older brother, Dylan.
Hey, Bro!
We’re going to play ball.
You want to come?
No thanks.
Is he OK?
He normally loves to talk about school.
He didn’t want to talk about school today.
It wasn’t my worst day at school
—but pretty close.
It all started first thing this morning.
Everyone was signing a birthday card
for one of our classmates, Lucas.
Do you want to sign
the birthday card for Lucas?
He just got home from being
at the hospital for cancer treatments.
No thanks.
I’m a Jehovah’s Witness,
and I don’t celebrate birthdays.
What?
Hum?
That’s rude.
Come on, sign it!
You guys, you guys, Aiden—
My teacher said that Lucas
may not come back to school for a long time.
I felt so bad he was sick.
Aiden, Aiden, can you think about it?
The thing is, I did want to sign the card.
Lucas was one of the nicest people
in my class.
Maybe I can just sign it.
I mean, it’s not like I’m going
to a birthday party.
Hey, little man.
How are you doing?
Yeah?
Mom said you had a rough day today.
When Dad came in,
I told him everything that happened.
I know from the Bible
that it’s wrong to celebrate birthdays.
But is signing the card really a big deal?
Dad said my question was a good one.
Then he showed me a scripture.
Do you want to get your Bible for me?
Let’s look in Ephesians 5.
Ephesians 5:10:
“Keep on making sure
of what is acceptable to the Lord.”
He said,
“We all have to keep making sure
“of what’s acceptable to Jehovah
because Satan is a master at tricking us.”
Then he used the example of Aaron.
The Israelites asked Aaron
to make them a god.
So Aaron made a golden calf,
thinking that it could represent Jehovah.
He told the people:
“There is a festival to Jehovah tomorrow.”
But true worship
was being mixed with false worship,
and Jehovah was not happy.
And many were punished.
That example helped me a lot.
I know birthdays are wrong
because the Bible teaches
that they are not approved by Jehovah.
But we don’t want to be confused like Aaron
and try to mix true and false worship.
All right, let’s go talk to Mom.
We want to make Jehovah happy.
So Dad said,
“It’s always good to ask,
How would Jehovah feel if I did this?”
I still didn’t sign the card,
but I’m going to do something else for Lucas.
Can I go see Lucas?
Yeah.
Go ahead, Buddy.
He’s right over there.
How have you been feeling?
A little better.
And then I realized something:
Instead of celebrating one day,
I could share with Lucas our hope
of living forever
on a beautiful paradise earth.
So there will be no sickness ever again.
They will build houses and have food.